there's one thing I believe in this
world it's that the chupacabra is real
and he's hiding in our hair and I also
if there are two things that I believe
it's that we can learn so much from our
children you know kids have an
interesting take on just about anything
they see things in a way that we as
adults can you know we have prejudices
we have preconceived notions we have all
sorts of things like that so I recently
sat down with a group of young people to
ask them what the difference is between
boys and girls this is something I've
actually been wondering about for years
and as you will see here I got some
exceptionally enlightening answers
what's the difference between a boy and
a girl well boys like doing like rough
sort of stuff and girls like doing kind
of like kind and soft girls are gentle
yeah and boys are vicious animals the
girl thicker sometimes yeah um they're
boys were yeah look at boys wear a
yarmulke right and girls don't that's
right you can tell by the Adam's apple
because if they don't have Adam's apple
then it's a girl but if they do then
it's a boy right that's absolutely right
girls are like pink bullies don't
sometimes boys like pink sometimes girls
don't like pink right yeah girl shop a
lot while you don't sometimes boys shop
a lot though boys like to UM watch TV
Ella and girls don't they don't I think
some girls do yeah
we could dance around this forever right
yeah you are not yeah I know a way but I
think it's really disturbing what is
disturbing you know how you tell a boy a
boy pup from a girl pup no when people
hit their thing in between their legs
you know how they say oh my nuts they
are say me though whoa who said this I'm
just trying to express oh what the
question okay no you go ahead
again no what's the difference between a
boy and a girl well I shouldn't say
they're disturbing way but most girls
have longer hair than boys 90% well done
what is the difference between a boy and
a girl
what from the car that you're the little
belt potty for example oh well tell us
that for sure what is it
it was weenus cute tip it was wieners
penis Cupid stupid yeah
is this a song no my friend we were
finding funny runs oh that's a pretty
funny one right so what's different
about boys and girls yeah I'm a longer
than and their privates are different
the other called you differently penis
in the dress finally some honesty